+++
title = "CoaCor: Code Annotation for Code Retrieval with Reinforcement Learning"

# Date first published.
date = "2019-01-27"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = [ "Ziyu Yao","Jayavardhan Reddy Peddamail", "Huan Sun"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Ziyu Yao, Jayavardhan Reddy Peddamail, and Huan Sun. 2019. CoaCor: Code Annotation for Code Retrieval with Reinforcement Learning. In Proceedings of the 2019 World Wide Web Conference (WWW ’19), May 13–17, 2019, San Francisco, CA, USA. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 12 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3308558.3313632" 
publication_short = "The Web Confernce (WWW), 2019"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In this work, we investigate a novel perspective of Code annotation for Code retrieval (hence called “CoaCor”), where a code annotation model is trained to generate a natural language annotation that can represent the semantic meaning of a given code snippet and can be leveraged by a code retrieval model to better distinguish relevant code snippets from others. To this end, we propose an effective framework based on reinforcement learning, which explicitly encourages the code annotation model to generate annotations that can be used for the retrieval task. Through extensive experiments, we show that code annotations generated by our framework are much more detailed and more useful for code retrieval, and they can further improve the performance of existing code retrieval models significantly."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Conference", url = "https://www2019.thewebconf.org/"},{name="PDF", url="http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~yao.470/paper/CoaCor.pdf"},{name="Github", url="https://github.com/LittleYUYU/CoaCor"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
# [header]
# image = "files/Coacor.png""
# caption = "CoaCor Framework"

+++
